Added some code formatter in pre-requisites (#963)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/prerequisites.md

This project uses Laravel Modules, so a basic understanding of the commands is recommended:

- [Laravel Module Utility Commands](https://nwidart.com/laravel-modules/v1/advanced-tools/artisan-commands)

### 8. Code Formatter :butterfly:

> Add some of code formatter for automatic code styling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the plugins mentioned below for automatic code styling:
```

- Visual Studio Code Editor:

>   - [Prettier - for JS,CSS,HTML files](https://prettier.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Prettier - for JS, CSS, HTML files](https://prettier.io/)
```

>   - [Laravel Blade Snippets for Balde files](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=onecentlin.laravel-blade)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Laravel Blade Snippets for Blade files](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=onecentlin.laravel-blade)
```

  - [Laravel Extra Intellisense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=amiralizadeh9480.laravel-extra-intellisense)
  - [PHP Intelephense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bmewburn.vscode-intelephense-client)

>   - [PHP cs fixer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=junstyle.php-cs-fixer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [PHP CS Fixer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=junstyle.php-cs-fixer)
```

- Sublime Code Editor:
  - [PHP formatting - PHPfmt](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/phpfmt)

>   - [Laravel Blade Snippets for Balde files](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=onecentlin.laravel-blade)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Laravel Blade Snippets for Blade files](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=onecentlin.laravel-blade)
```
